I'm Captain Jack Sparrow. The original. The only!
Me? I'm dishonest, and a dishonest man you can always trust to be dishonest. Honestly. It's the honest ones you want to watch out for because you can never predict when they're going to do something incredibly… stupid.
You need to find yourself a girl, mate.
Complications arose, ensued, were overcome.
Nobody move! I dropped me brain!
(Speaking to Will of Elizabeth) She's safe, just like I promised. She's all set to marry Norrington, just like she promised. And you get to die for her, just like you promised. So we’re all men of our word really… except for, of course, Elizabeth, who is in fact, a woman.
One word, love: curiosity. You long for freedom. You long to do what you want to do because you want it. To act on selfish impulse. You want to see what it's like. One day you won't be able to resist.
No survivors? Then where do the stories come from, I wonder.
Not all treasure's silver and gold, mate.
Crazy people don't know they're crazy. I know I'm crazy, therefore I'm not crazy, isn't that crazy?
If you were waiting for the opportune moment, that was it.
I know those guns.
You lied to me by telling me the truth?
I’ve got a jar of dirt!
The only rules that really matter are these: what a man can do and what a man ca't do. For instance, you can accept that your father was a pirate and a good man, or you can't. But pirate is in your blood, boy, so you'll have to square with that some day. And me, for example, I can let you drown, but I ca't bring this ship into Tortuga all by me onesies, savvy? So, can you sail under the command of a pirate, or can you not?
Captain, I wish to report a mutiny. I can name fingers and point names.
Did everyone see that? Because I will not be doing it again.
The problem is not the problem. The problem is your attitude about the problem. Do you understand?
Norrington: You are, without doubt, the worst pirate I’ve ever heard of.
Jack Sparrow: “But you have heard of me.
Well! I think this has been a very good experience for all of us, eh? Spiritually? Ecumenically? Grammatically?
A wedding? I love weddings. Drinks all around!
Why fight when you can negotiate?
I'm afraid you have the misfortune of facing Captain Jack Sparrow!
Why is the rum always gone?
Savvy?
There'll be no living with her after this.
Gentlemen! You shall always remember this as the day that you almost caught, Captain Jack Sparrow!
What a horrible way to live.
I love those moments. I like to wave at them as they pass by.
Mistook it for a brothel. Honest mistake.